README.md, before:

# Project 3 - *Twitter*

**Twitter** is a basic twitter app to read your tweets.

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] User sees app icon in home screen and styled launch screen. (1pt)
- [ ] User can log in. (1pt)
- [ ] User can log out. (1pt)
- [ ] User stays logged in across restarts. (1pt)
- [ ] User can view tweets with the user profile picture, username, and tweet text. (6pts)

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

- [ ] User can pull to refresh. (1pt)
- [ ] User can load past tweets infinitely. (2pts)

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.


## License

    Copyright 2020 Soumik Barua

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update README.md & add required + bonus GIF files

README.md, after:

# Project 3 - *Twitter*

**Twitter** is a basic twitter app to read your tweets.

Time spent: **10** hours spent in total

## Twitter Part 1

### User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] User sees app icon in home screen and styled launch screen. (1pt)
- [x] User can log in. (1pt)
- [x] User can log out. (1pt)
- [x] User stays logged in across restarts. (1pt)
- [x] User can view tweets with the user profile picture, username, and tweet text. (6pts)

The following **bonus** features are implemented:

- [x] User can pull to refresh. (1pt)
- [x] User can load past tweets infinitely. (2pts)

### Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

Required (iPhone 8 Plus on Xcode simulator)

![Required features](part1_required.gif)

Bonus features 1 & 2 (iPhone 8 Plus on Xcode simulator)

![Bonus features 1 & 2](part1_bonus1&2.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.


## License

    Copyright 2020 Soumik Barua

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
